Enigma vs Oasis (#260)
oasislabs/docs: src/overview.md

While our network is not quite ready for node operators, we should be getting there soon! 

If you’re interested in signing up to run a node, please go to [https://oasis-protocol.org/node](https://oasis-protocol.org/node) and we’ll be in touch as soon as we’re ready.

#### How is Enigma Network/Secret Network different from Oasis Network?

> Enigma Network now renamed as Secret Network, please go to [https://docs.scrt.network/#/] (https://docs.scrt.network/#/) for more information is a similar protocol which want's to build a better internet. Unlike Oasis which has a blockchain of their own,Enigma is a privacy computation layer. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The [Secret Network](https://docs.scrt.network/) (formerly the Enigma Network) is a layer-two protocol that provides private computation using public blockchains.
``` 
could you extend this to include the trade-offs between layer-one vs layer-two privacy? It'd be useful for readers to have this pre-digested so that they can better understand what tool fits their requirements. I see that you have a few comparisons further down, so maybe try to bundle them into something more cohesive. The goal, after all, is to help people choose a platform.

> Secret Network has a crypto-coin called as secret coin,which is going to be swapped from the existing Enigma coin due to some regulation issues. For more details [https://www.coindesk.com/ico-project-enigma-settles-sec-charges-over-45m-token-sale](https://www.coindesk.com/ico-project-enigma-settles-sec-charges-over-45m-token-sale). Oasis doesn't have a coin which is on the exchange. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
I don't think that tokens and the exchange thereof are relevant to the developer docs.

> Both provide an off-chain private storage which works on encrypted data,use of Trusted Execution Environment,usage of Cosm-wasm for writing secret/private contracts. Currently both support Rust but Oasis will support Solidity in the future. 

Reviewer: > Both [...] off-chain

It's possible to build a TEE-based layer two protocol on Oasis, but that's not how the core platform works, so I'm not sure I'd say "both." Both do use TEEs, however. You might consider adding a blurb about how the lifecycles of on/off-chain TEEs differ (for instance, how client remote attestation works and establishment of a secure channel).

Also, you introduce a new topic _Cosm-Wasm_, which is surely a cool project and deserves more exposition than a footnote in the _Secret Network_ section :)

> Unlike Secret Network,Oasis allows users to deploy their apps on the blockchain.

Reviewer: right, and _why_ is this useful (if at all)? what benefits do I, as a user, gain from having apps on the blockchain rather than off-chain in a TEE?

#### Other Alternatives to Oasis Networks

> [https://www.owler.com/company/starkware](https://www.owler.com/company/starkware) This website gives an overview of some of the competitors in this space.

Reviewer: owler.com is behind a paywall, which makes it a less helpful reference. Would you mind adding a summary of each related project, as you did with Secret Network? Then we can actually move this information to its own "Related work" page.

At the minimum, it'd be good to see comparisons of:
- [x] Secret Network
- [ ] Starkware
- [ ] NuCypher
- [ ] iExec
